yeah I got somebody carnation or karna
tone carnot Canadian tarnation John I
get the panettone carnet ciona it's fine
Carnot's II don't know where you come
from I'm calling from Germany Jeremy - I
love it when we get the European viewers
what time is it in what time is it in
Germany it's 6:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. well
thank you for rising nearly I I got up
yeah okay good it sounds like you're
still waking up what did you what did
you what did you want to talk about on
the show today my topic is the change
bag - bets off one yeah because I guess
the likud safer by eliminating
relegation by franchising but I don't
know the teams had to build bigger teams
maybe fall down a bit because it's more
random who would make it to the playoffs
because of the better one setting yeah
yeah so are you worried are you you wish
it wasn't best of one because we'd have
less randomness in the playoff seedings
I don't know to be honest but because if
it's a chance for lesser-known teams or
maybe the other teams I guess where it
seems yeah but it may not reflect a real
strength strength of the teams in the
playoffs then when maybe TSM well what
team makes it not to the playoffs so my
English it's a good I'm gonna go well
I'll look you can go first okay I think
best of once people it's really easy to
say best of ones they're more random and
best of ones are more worse in general I
think festive ones are different and
they test different kind of skills like
how prepared you come is rewarded a lot
more so and best at once like if you
have an incredibly unique strategy or
incredibly
strong level one thing it's much more
meaningful and a best-of one and you get
rewarded for innovating or having
something special prepared and that is
like a way to reward a team and I don't
think necessarily it's bad you're
testing a different kind of skill and a
bust one than a bust of three I think
it's very like naive to say like best of
one is just objectively worse so I'm
kind of in locos camp or actually more
way more locos camp because I was when
the best-of-three change happened I was
really excited cuz I personally think
best ones can be like flu gear and if
you're trying to find who's a better
team like best of three is better for
that but I also thought when the best of
three change happened that meant that
somehow we were gonna get rid of best of
ones at international tournaments and
that never happened so you had leagues
who were playing tournaments best of
ones but never leagues best of one which
is weird to me if it's gonna be such an
important skill set to be able to
compete in best of ones you should have
that in in your your league system
somewhere and I think if you're gonna
have that continue in the international
scene then it should be in your league
system they should somewhat mirror each
other and teams that are bad at best of
ones like yeah so what now the regular
season hasn't learned to get good
because when you go to Worlds and your
shitty best of one team you're gonna get
destroyed in group stage and there's
such a thing as good best of one teams
and bad best of one teams and if it's
gonna be important to the league
infrastructure learn to get good at them
I feel like you're thinking of a team
and you're not saying the team now I
would never like point fingers but
there's definitely a team what's the
team bacon I just wanted you to say it
you know yeah is then I make him cut
this out as a write a thread and I read
it or cut this out as a video and says
mark
the reason CSM lost worlds the last few
years was because North America didn't
have best of once thank you that's all I
needed
there we go that's the hydrogen your
fucking title hundred thousand views of
YouTube here we go alright
you said TSM you said in a world's and
best one that's all those are four key
words right there it's just a multiplier
effect because they're both mine if I
know how tags work on YouTube Travis
yeah thank you
Karn let me ask you do you so you're in
Germany do you watch and
yes yeah a lot more than the USPS okay
excellent so you might not really common
with European the earth like yeah
there's a shield I can't think of a 1 n
a viewer that likes you better than na
but I've had that a lot a lot of you
fans like any better
yeah I will say I think we've had a
couple callers on the show from North
America who said they appreciated your
more for going further and they liked
Europe for that reason but I don't know
if they've explicitly said they liked
watching Europe more but they like
Europe one one month out of the 12 I'm
not sure exactly what they were saying
yeah I don't think we confirmed it quite
right so glad I guess okay go ahead
I get the production value and they'll
see is a bit higher and watching the
ALCS is more fun to be honest more hype
there's more attention in na you care
more about na you care more about any
players and you care more about it a it
works right yeah Karn
I wanted to ask you are you aware that
na LCS is starting later now on the
weekends yeah yeah how do you feel about
that because it was that that decision
was made to help EU viewers of EU LCS as
my understanding but as an EU fan of na
LCS how does that affect you and what do
you think well I guess I'm watching even
when it's later but yeah I don't know I
mean I will watch us yes but maybe in
the background but I'm staying up full
of the NA LCS
yeah are you bummed that it's starting
later a bit yeah but there was I think
do you watch the analyst desk in the
pods yeah
about I guess that's the time one I'm
you can get through the shitty part
hey Karn thank you so much for calling
in it's always great to hear viewers
from outside the US and Canada
so I appreciate you being up early and
calling in and thank you for your
subscription by the way I see that your
twitch them
yeah thank you yeah have I yeah bye good
to talk and what every time we have a
viewer in a different from that goes a
presumably different language I want
logo to say goodbye little bit that how
about you do Travis you're gonna be on
the show time it you have to say in
their their native time you have to say
goodbye in Korean do you look at what's
goodbye in Korean oh we actually say
bye-bye a lot bye-bye okay there we go
that's easy I could do that one
fuck all right all right